c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\OnlineShop.dll.config
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\OnlineShop.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\OnlineShop.pdb
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\obj\Debug\OnlineShop.dll
c:\users\stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\obj\Debug\OnlineShop.pdb
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Stanis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\obj\Debug\OnlineShop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Autofac.Integration.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Stanis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\aspShops\OnlineShop\OnlineShop\bin\Autofac.Integration.Owin.xml
